hello reseller the shopkeeper a big
nice to be here with you here danilo
with our headset featuring another
part of the factory and delivery for all
Brazil and has the best price and puff pastry
internet wholesale since the year of
2002 offering the best prices and
a lot of quality
Our featured piece today this
male thick chain clad to
gold a beautiful piece here
presenting more options
earrings rings chokers sets and
the options even further down
presenting a little more of the
navigability in the virtual store that
represents the factory here you can
to register as a customer
company information have you here
how to buy forms of payment
remembering that to access this page
just click the link below this video
in the description in testimonies of some
of more than 100 thousand registered customers
in the factory that's even more than 100 thousand
customers registered at the factory below
Let's get into buying mode.
wholesale and retail wholesale and retail
the minimum of $ 49 form of payment
main options are card and ticket
Bank officer
here is where you can stay informed
promotions providing name and means
Clicking on send will receive you
periodically in your inbox
in your inbox the promotions of the
factory
we got here at the wholesale price of
piece presented and at the retail price
remembering that these values ​​refer to the
moment of production of this video warranty
the year after the date of purchase are the
shows the dimensions of the piece again
thick golden puffy men's chain
plus a 50% discount
there are other advantages for you as
discount for cash payments
progressive loyalty plans
resulting in more discount free shipping freight
Free for purchases over certain
value can still join your name
is a partner program and receive
direct commissions on account then no
Expect even the second and visit the
shop through the link below this video
in the description I hope you